CSCI 1301 - Lab 05
Debugging Worksheet

Student Name:	

1. What do you observe when you run the program? It says unknown temperature scale - cannot do calculation

2. Where (what line numbers) have you set the breakpoints? lines 58,61,69,73,81,85 (I made some of the code like the temp scales print out
to be on one line instead of multiple becasue it makes it easier to read for me to read. I realize this may make my breakpoints at differnt 
lines hopefully thats ok.)

3. What is the value of the named constant MIN_FAHRENHEIT and the variable tempScaleStr displayed in the Variables window? 

	MIN_FAHRENHEIT: -459.67	
	
	tempScaleStr: ""(id=22)

4. Answer the following questions:

  a) Does the first if statement display the error message correctly? yes
  b) What is the problem? The greater than need to be a less than in the if statement so it will conitue if the user input is greater than
 MIN_FAHRENHEIT
  c) How would you fix the program so it terminates when the user enters a Fahrenheit temperature less than the possible minimum 
temperature? I would switch the greater than sign to a less than sign in the first if statment

5. Answer the following questions:

  a) Is the condition of the second if statement correct? if tempscale is >1 and tempscale is < 4 print unkown temperature scale out 
cannot do calculation bye. 
  b) How will you change it? swtich to tempscale < 1 and tempscale is >4. I also removed the or in the rankine else if statement.

6. What is the value of the expression you just selected in the Watch window? 42

7. Answer the following questions:

  a) Does the program compute the correct temperature in Rankine degrees?  In Reamur degrees?not without making sure the formulas were
correct
  b) Does the program assign the correct value for the variable tempScaleStr? no it had rankine twice.
  c) How can you modify the program to compute this equivalence properly? I made sure the formulas werew correct along with having the
 correct tempScaleStr attached to eash else if stament with the corresponding formula.

PS(I did all this before I put the statement of acadmeic honesty idk if that changes any thing like varibale values)
